last video a PV binding 97 more of like
a white it's more of a what my but
legally if you felt like just like I
wonder hey I saw on Monday I wore my I
kept a neutral I called my hair at the
one-and-a-half-inch bail just cuz I was
feeling it that day my sweatshirt from a
little local boutique that you could
find a lot of similar like tops like
that's just highs hearts on it I'm
wearing on Twitter Secret Pink Floyd
yoga pants that I wore with moccasins
I'm wearing to seeing bangle jewelry my
nails are just a little bit of a French
gel with a gold tip on Tuesday I curled
my hair to touch up the curl from today
before or add a tap with a jacket from
nourish um and my leggings were
Lululemon wonder unders a my earrings
are forever 21 they're just a little
really pretty dangly earrings and out
they're really dressy and the real
addressed up the outfit and I use it
when dating hearing so we can celebrate
because this is like a
once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing my name
is hot pink and I know the dead color
and then have cheetah done on my ring
finger so yeah that was an outfit for
Tuesday on the Wednesday it was a very
casual day for me but I just really will
go Tiger you know those days when he was
looking at us and you're like yeah I'm
not going to wear that one today my neck
is pretty neutral just kind of mascara
and like you know lashes but no over the
eyeshadow happy with Twitter sticker
pink if you couldn't already tell
and my leggings are some ones from shore
seeker as well and my earrings are both
from Nordstrom on my last day for
example watch in New York after school
and Thursday I have same earring combo
done same um I think just
eyeliner the same nails my tops in firm
tree one cardigan from plunder and the
leggings are my Zara leggings and my
hair is the little photo headband bye
guys
more